item.tommy.name=Tommy Gun
item.prototype.acog_scope.name=Acog Scope
item.prototype.ak47_suppressor.name=Mono. AK Suppressor
item.prototype.ak74u_flashlight.name=AK47u Flashlight
item.prototype.ar_suppressor.name=AR Suppressor
item.prototype.docter_sight.name=Docter Sight Red Dot
item.prototype.docter_sight_mini.name=Docter Sight Red Dot Mini
item.prototype.ergo_foregrip.name=Ergonomic Foregrip
item.prototype.holo_sight.name=Holo Sight
item.prototype.long_scope.name=Long Scope
item.prototype.mp5_flashlight.name=MP5 Flashlight
item.prototype.obzor_sight.name=Obzor Sight
item.prototype.pistol_suppressor.name=Mono. Pistol Suppressor
item.prototype.psv_scope.name=VSS PSV Scope
item.prototype.shotgun_suppressor.name=Mono. Shotgun Suppressor
item.prototype.sr_suppressor.name=Mono. SR Suppressor
item.prototype.tactical_flashlight.name=Tactical Flashlight
item.prototype.military_cap_black.name=Military Cap Lv.1
item.prototype.military_cap_green.name=Military Cap Lv.1
item.prototype.military_cap_tan.name=Military Cap Lv.1
item.prototype.tactical_vest_lv1_black.name=Tactical Vest Lv.1
item.prototype.tactical_vest_lv1_green.name=Tactical Vest Lv.1
item.prototype.tactical_vest_lv1_tan.name=Tactical Vest Lv.1
item.prototype.tactical_vest_lv2_black.name=Tactical Vest Lv.2
item.prototype.tactical_vest_lv2_green.name=Tactical Vest Lv.2
item.prototype.tactical_vest_lv2_tan.name=Tactical Vest Lv.2
item.prototype.uniform_chest.name=Uniform Chest
item.prototype.uniform_legs.name=Uniform Pants
item.prototype.uniform_feet.name=Uniform Boots
item.prototype.vest.name=Vest
item.prototype.12gauge.name=12 Gauge Shell
item.prototype.12sluggauge.name=12 Slug Gauge Shot
item.prototype.300win.name=.300 Winchester Magnum
item.prototype.44magnum.name=.44 Magnum
item.prototype.5_56x45.name=5,56x45mm
item.prototype.7_62x39.name=7,62x39mm
item.prototype.7_62x51.name=7,62x51mm
item.prototype.7_62x54.name=7,62x54mm
item.prototype.7_62x57.name=7,62x57mm
item.prototype.9x19.name=9x19mm
item.prototype.ak47.urban.name=AK47 Urban Spray
item.prototype.m4a1.blood.name=M4A1 Le Sang de la vigne Spray
item.prototype.spas12.urban.name=SPAS12 Urban Spray
item.prototype.hikingpack.name=Hiking Pack
item.prototype.frag_grenade.name=Frag Grenade
item.prototype.smoke_grenade.name=Smoke Grenade
item.prototype.stun_grenade.name=Stun Grenade
